I couldn't have accomplished this
without everyone's help I feel like I
will fight someone in now time for
destruction an epic over the top DBZ
brawler is headed your way now a new
style of DBZ gameplay is here powerful
multiplayer modes powerful warriors and
powerful rivals dragon ball z battle of
Z fight your way to the story with your
friends immerse yourself in the DBZ
world experience what makes DBZ awesome
the story of the sea warriors unfolds in
the form of heat admissions experience a
fierce battles firsthand
team up with up to four players at any
point in the game increase each other's
partner ranks to pull up even more
powerful moves connect with players all
over the world to enjoy various styles
of co-op gameplay
experience a variety of different
multiplayer modes join forces to defeat
the giant boss
form a four-player team for a team
battle or become rivals with everyone be
the last one standing in an eight-player
battle royale plus loads of other
missions are available online so many
ways to play from single player up to 8
players
take full advantage of the four
different battle types use the Warriors
strength to turn the tides in your favor
please let me borrow a bit of your
energy increase your team's coordination
to raise the energy gauge this extreme
attack charges up in real time with the
power from the world
single-player missions co-op missions
rise to every challenge alone or with
friends
what
use the points are cards you win to
customize your characters however you
want what is this take on that
overwhelmingly destructive power we were
getting excited
I want you to fight with saying cry get
ready for a blood back on this new
battlefield a legendary heated brawl
begins I have no choice I need to win
this this is the end easy this is fun
follow me dragon ball z battle of see
available January 28 2014 day one
editions include a bonus download code
for goku's Naruto costume try out
various missions including online
missions in the free downloadable demo
carry on your save data to the full game
it's your turn now to fight